※Energy and persistence conquer all things.§ 每 Benjamin Franklin
※Dreams don't have deadlines. I'm thinking of doing bigger and better things and having more fun with it.§ 每 LL Cool J
※Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes, your smile can be the source of your joy.§ 每 Thich Nhat Hanh
※Minds are like flowers, they only open when the time is right.§ 每 Stephen Richards
※If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best.§ 每 Neale Donald Walsch
※Focus on an ocean of positives, not a puddle of negatives.§ 每 Kevin Ansbro
※When you arise in the morning, think of what precious privilege it is to be alive 每 to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.§ 每 Marcus Aurelius
※Every morning has a unique story. There are always some seeds of possibilities waiting to sprout.§ 每 Amit Ray
※what the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve.§ 每 Napoleon Hill
※Life is not happening to you. Life is responding to you.§ 每 Rhonda Byrne
※The energy of the mind is the essence of life.§ 每 Aristotle
※Be a positive energy trampoline 每 absorb what you need and rebound more back.§ 每 Dave Carolan
※Once your mindset changes, ever※Positive thoughts, words, and actions create positive feelings. Positive feelings generate positive energy.§ 每 Nozer Kanga
※Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.§ 每 Winston Churchill
※Everything you believe affects everything that comes to you.§ 每 Abraham Hicks
※If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are anxious you're living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present.§ 每 Lao Tzu
※The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There＊s only one moment for you to live.§ 每 Buddha
※The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.§ 每 Norman Vincent Peal
※Always beware of the people you allow in your energy space. Some might contaminate your energy to a point of no return. Meditate, stay prayed up.§ 每 Mitta Xinindlu
※You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.§ 每 Maya Angelouything on the outside will change along with it.§ 每 Steve Maraboli